in today's tutorial we will learn
how to change a lock
It is a lock on an interior door
inside the house and the problem that
we have is that as we see the knob is
fallen the pier that has inside it
it breaks and the slip does not fit
in your site therefore if we try
close the door the door told us
to close it we would have to upload
the knob and still she falls and
it could be opened to us which is a
little bother changing it is pretty
simple then we 're going to have to
to do is to remove the four screws
who holds here the lock
on this side the four screws that
we have the other side and two screws
that we are going to see now on the side
We have already loosened the screws it
now the only thing that we have left is the
we remove
and we are going to remove
and we removed what would be the knob of the
lock
and we do the same from the other side
we remove the four screws
because this is the side where you have the
latch
We also regret
the next thing we're going to have to do
is going to be these two screws
once we have loosened them
we remove
we help ourselves with the axis
pulling here to get a
little and when a
we have to remove the shaft
to be able to remove it since we already took it out
outward
outside we will be able to take out everything that is
the lock
well here we have the new lock to
the left and the old one to the right of
the difference what is it
the old one fails us because the dock
inside that has so much of both
use it because it's enough you lose your
properties and you have to change it equally
that a shock absorber of a car with
x time due to the cycles of the
well, it goes away, we can go
buy it easily by inserting the shaft that
I opened the door we put it in the old man and
we see that easily with the hand we can
turn the shaft and slip the slip
we try with the new
and we find it impossible because of
we say that the pier is new and
it's a lot harder, that's why I do not know
we will fall with the weight of the
knob is not going to fall as we passed
with the old lock
here we have the old lock now
that we have removed the two screws and
we have opened it, this is inserted so
remove the screws and here we have the
interior the pier
that creates resistance for us here
ok and let's see that there is not
lost only the properties but that
is totally broken
as we see is
has opened here
It's chipped and it's in two parts
when it should be a piece the
same pier
we see that the springs to match these
months is hard to find yes
if you find it instead of
change the whole lock you can
change only this dock you turn it to
put there and it would work perfectly in
our case we have not found it and what
What we have done is replace what
would be the lock now we have opened
the new lock and we see that it does not have
nothing to see the pier that we have taken
before it is one piece is worth only one
piece and is in perfect condition not
like this that we have taken before
it was split into two sections
another important thing that we have to
times
is the position of the slip if this is
the part this will have to be looking
always to the outside of the door
since if here we have the stop this
it has to come by the inclined part
to get in and fit
inside the door if we put it to
backwards the door would not close
we can easily change it if
we from here take and throw towards
outside
we see we throw out is pretty
hard
we can turn it
and change it in the other position
and in that way we can without changing the
whole lock just changing that
then we can get the
slip make your goal function and that
inside the door frame is worth
as we say the easiest thing pulling
here is going to be a bit complicated if we
is going to slide we push here in the part
from behind with the lock removed
because we see that pushing pushes
this
so we push from here we help each other
the other hand
and we turn it
Now what are we going to have to do?
to mount the lock is the same
but with the opposite steps that we have
done by disassembling it, we take our
lock and we put it
we put it well checking that it is
well oiled
I do not know what does not stand out
ok here it looks very good what we have
commented before the slip
how we have put it out
when the door arrives and it would crash and get
inward
if we put it upside down said with the
flat as not going to get to
this and we had to turn it around what
next thing we're going to do is
put the shaft
It also helps us to put it well
lock and now let's put
the screws that hold
the new lock
we no longer put the little take into account
One thing if your lock has like
the our bolt
ok the head lock has to
buy different since you have to have
another hole for those who had the
latch
and we do the same with the outside part
we have also put the crank by
outside and as we see we have finished
our
perfectly our lock now
he knows that the knob is not off and
like when we
we activate it returns to its position
initial that we had fallen before
therefore the door has remained
open
good